gh-92780: Improve sqlite3.Connection.create_collation docs (#92790)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

   .. method:: create_collation(name, callable)

      Creates a collation with the specified *name* and *callable*. The callable will
      be passed two string arguments. It should return -1 if the first is ordered
      lower than the second, 0 if they are ordered equal and 1 if the first is ordered
      higher than the second.  Note that this controls sorting (ORDER BY in SQL) so

>       your comparisons don't affect other SQL operations.

Author: I'm not sure this last sentence here is worth keeping. If the user is creating a collating function, one must assume they have more than a basic grasp of both SQL and SQLite. I'm inclined to removing it.

>       and it should return 1 if the first is ordered higher than the second,
>       -1 if the first is ordered lower than the second,
>       and 0 if they are ordered equal.

Reviewer: Small rephrasing suggestion :)

```suggestion
      and should return an integer: ``1`` if the first is ordered higher than the second,
      ``-1`` if the first is ordered lower than the second,
      and ``0`` if they are ordered equal.
```

Author: Thanks! :) Perhaps even make it a list.

Author: PTAL

   .. method:: create_collation(name, callable)

      Create a collation named *name* using the collating function *callable*.
      *callable* is passed two :class:`string <str>` arguments,

>       and it should return an :class:`int <integer>`:

Reviewer: I think the angle-brackets syntax works the other way around!

```suggestion
      and it should return an :class:`integer <int>`:
```

Author: Darn 😆 Thanks!
